Windows support (#54)
OpenMined/TenSEAL: README.md

$ git submodule update
```

> If you are on Windows you should first build SEAL library using Visual Studio, You should use the solution file `SEAL.sln` in `third_party/SEAL` to build the project `native\src\SEAL.vcxproj` with `Configuration=Release` and `Platform=x64`, for more details check the instuctions in [Building Microsoft SEAL](https://github.com/microsoft/SEAL#windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on Windows, you will first need to build SEAL library using Visual Studio, you should use the solution file `SEAL.sln` in `third_party/SEAL` to build the project `native\src\SEAL.vcxproj` with `Configuration=Release` and `Platform=x64`. For more details check the instructions in [Building Microsoft SEAL](https://github.com/microsoft/SEAL#windows).
```
